>> Brian Holt: Now inside
of your directory,
inside of source we're
gonna make a new folder.
And that one's gonna be
called actionCreators.
This isn't necessarily a requirement,
but I find this to be helpful and
I would say many people do it.
Sometimes people will just
directly create the actions, but
we're gonna make action creators.
So we're going to make this one, this
one's gonna be called ChangeLocation.js.
And this is just going
to export a function
called export default function.
>> Brian Holt: changeLocation,
that takes in a location,
and it returns an object
of type: CHANGE_LOCATION,
and payload is going to be location.
>> Brian Holt: This is what
an action looks like, right?
So this is an action creator, right?
It's a function that you give it
a location it gives you back an action.
>> Brian Holt: And again, people will just
sometimes directly dispatch objects that
look like this.
I'm fine with that as well.
But I'm just gonna teach you kind of
the more structured way to do it, and
then I'll leave it up to
you how you wanna do it,
>> Brian Holt: Okay?
>> Brian Holt: We're gonna
make one more here, and
this is going to be called changetheme.js.
Looks relatively the same,
changeTheme(theme),
theme and CHANGE_THEME,
>> Brian Holt: Okay?